considering how many variations on the
transformers they've been over the years
it stands to reason that they're not all
gonna be gold are they in fact it's
amazing that there aren't more flat-out
terrible ones so let's count down some
of the worst transformers that have ever
and will ever exist with a few bonus
inclusions at the end what do you say
about percept or in fact what really
needs to be said at all about a guy who
transforms into a microscope I mean I
get it you're the science transformer
I'd make the argument though that it's
easier to do science in robot form than
it is as a microscope or a telescope for
that matter which is another baffling
thing that percept or transforms into in
microscope form he'd still need someone
to place whatever it is he needs to look
at under the lens which is a waste of
time for whoever he's conned into
assisting him as well as my time now
because I have to explain why that's
dumb not only that percept or you're a
transformer which means your eyes or
optics as you call them are surely
better than any human
I'm guessing they've also got a pretty
sweet zoom function on them or so maybe
you could use that instead maybe you
could stop being such an idiot you are a
terrible scientist also I should mention
turning into a microscope is not the
dumbest thing I could find on percept or
it's this unless that pencil transforms
into a rocket launcher in which case I
apologize
computer on what the hell is wrong with
you
first of all to your credit you look
amazing I mean who doesn't love any
transformer that's a combination of many
smaller transformers except here's where
you fall down those following along at
home the way computer on operating
battle is to calculate any move that's
about to take place plus determine the
percentage likelihood of a computer on
victory estimated probability of victory
in one-to-one combat forty eight point
zero seven percent it's through this
ability that he's able to dodge I don't
know laser blasts which is remarkable
but what's also remarkable in the
opposing sense is not being able to
dodge the fifty foot high robot that
just lumbered right into him not only
that he narrates all his calculations
calculated force necessary to activate
Derek on Tyra mechanism sixteen magog's
computing angle of fire positioning
laser cannon fire shut up don't say out
loud thing you're about to do not only
that your calculation for this battle
was way off what was it you said forty
8.0 to seven percent forty eight point
oh yes we got it I hate you computer on
is anyone surprised by this I really
hope not but I need to clarify here that
I'm only referring specifically to
generation one Megatron not the one that
turns into a tank or a car or even when
he upgrades into Galvatron who turns
into a turret for some reason which is
also admittedly terrible
the point is generation one Megatron
turns into a handgun which isn't the
worst thing to turn into but it is if
you're the leader of your group not only
that but he's a gun that for some reason
prefers to be fired by his
second-in-command a guy who he openly
hates and completely distrusts
it'll be like I don't know say you're
the boss of a company and you're holding
your annual work Christmas party which
every year has a wheelbarrow race and
for some reason you choose to Wilbur a
race with the guy you hate the moist
from work and who openly tells people
that he wants your job theater pants
would have lost eons ago if I'd been
calling the shots Starscream my time
will come Megatron so why is this a
thing not only that he has a gun on his
arm I'm not imagining that there it is
just to use that and don't tell me is
more powerful as a handgun because that
has never shown to be true
this is embarrassing Megatron you should
be embarrassed
all right I got some honorable mentions
here pretty terrible transformers
they're not that terrible but as I said
are pretty terrible The Pretenders
transformers that look human
which I guess is the ultimate disguise
or it would be if they had any idea what
an actual human being
looks like and even if they were dead on
how about some regular human clothes get
it together
Daniel wit wiki not a transformer no but
he does have this exosuit that can
transform so I'm counting him he gets a
mention because of this stop let go bye
dad what a fucking moron the Michael Bay
transformers bumblebee
can you talk XM satellite radio digital
cables will you get on that thing ah you
talk using the radio that's real that's
great good good for you let me tell you
something that gimmick wore off five
seconds after you started doing it Plus
now we know you do it by choice knock it
off ah Nightbeat considered by many to
be the Sherlock Holmes of the
Transformers he's able to solve all
sorts of crimes but who cares because
it's literally always the Decepticons
you are pointless
oh geez there are flip the reflectors so
here we got three guys that come
together to make a camera if you're a
robot that means you've probably got a
photographic memory right and three
robots with photographic memories are
better than a single camera there is
nothing that can make me hate you more
than I already do reflectors you print
okay so you're three transformers that
perform the task of one polaroid camera
congratulations you are worse than
percept aw thanks for watching everyone
now if you'd like to hear more about the
Transformers my podcast this Monday the
weekly planet is on all things
transformers specifically the three
Michael Bay movies and the 1986 animated
one that's of course in anticipation for
transformers age of extinction you can
find that podcast linked below or at the
terrific comic book movie comm also I'll
be doing a few more transformers videos
over the next week or so so come back
and check them out if you want or don't
but I'd love to know who's your least
favorite transformer
why is it Soundwave the guy who changes
into a cassette player because that is
an acceptable answer leave your thoughts
below of I my Twitter and Facebook pages
both ending in mr. Sano movies if you
have anything you'd like to say about
that thanks everyone
take care